I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Camping!
Peppa and her family are
going camping.
I love camping.
We're here.
Hurray!
Peppa, George,
this is the tent I had
When I Was a little boy!
Daddy? How are you going
to make that into a tent?
Don't Worry, Peppa!
I'm an expert at camping!
Mummy Pig, put the tent
on the poles, please.
That's it!
Easy as pie!
Oh!
Do these pegs do anything?
Of course!
I forgot about the pegs!
The pegs hold the tent up.
There!
The tent is a bit little.
It Was big enough for me
When I Was a boy.
But it does look a bit small now...
That's because you've grown a bit
since you Were a boy, Daddy Pig!
And your tummy has grown
the most of all!
Talking of tummies,
We should cook supper!
Yes! Yes!
First, We have to collect
sticks to make a fire.
Yipee!
Peppa and George are
helping Daddy Pig
collect sticks for the campfire.
George, I'll pick up the sticks
and you can carry them.
Collecting sticks is fun!
Good. That's enough sticks.
That's a splendid campfire!
Now I'll light it.
Here are the matches.
We don't need matches!
Daddy, how can you
light it Without matches?
I'm going to make fire the old Way,
by simply rubbing these
two sticks together!
Daddy Pig is rubbing the
two sticks together
to light the campfire.
Where is the fire, Daddy?
Nearly there...
Hurray!
Easy as pie!
Now We can heat up
the tomato soup.
Ahhh! Listen to the sounds
of nature!
What is that sound?
That is the sound
of crickets chirping.
What is that?
That's an owl.
Look! There it is!
Wow...
And What's that noise?
Oh, I'm not sure.
It's Daddy's tummy!
My tummy rumbling is
one of the best sounds of nature!
It means it's time to eat!
I love tomato soup!
So do I!
There's another one of
Daddy Pig's sounds of nature!
Eh? What?
Come on, children,
into the tent,
it's bedtime.
We Won't all fit in!
The tent is too little!
It Will be fine!
ln you go!
Move further in, Mummy Pig!
Daddy, you're too big
for the tent!
Never mind, I'd rather
sleep outside anyway.
Goodnight, Daddy Pig!
Goodnight, Daddy!
Night! Night!
Goodnight, everyone!
Mummy Pig, Peppa and George
are sleeping in the tent.
Daddy Pig is sleeping
outside, under the stars.
Ahh! I love camping!
Sleeping in the open air
With the stars above me!
Maybe this Wasn't such a
good idea after all...brrrrrr
It is morning.
Daddy! It Was Iovely
and cozy in the tent!
Oh... Where's Daddy?
Daddy Pig has gone!
Poor Daddy Pig. He must
have been cold and Wet.
And now Where is he?
What's that sound?
It sounds like snoring!
Daddy Pig!
What?
Daddy, you're safe!
Of course I'm safe!
I'm an expert at camping!
I slept in the car.
Silly Daddy!
I love camping!